It seems that men on this continent are dead
It turned out to be a group of women fighting and talking
If you want me to say that your continent will be renamed your continent
court death
Shut up
Can cede land
Nanzhou Northern Week
Who will give you the land?
But I have one condition.
What kind of condition?
Kill him for me
Three weeks is your Zhou Tianyu
You are the Son of Heaven
This is what you said.
A gentleman's word
Horses are hard to chase
I want you to swear in the name of the Son of Heaven
The emperor of the great week made an oath
Kill the traitor
Gift to No.3 Middle School
Regret
High.
The emperor's move is to kill people with a knife at the rate of qi jubao
Kill Yang Fan
We have six weeks left
Leaving green mountains is not afraid of running out of firewood
Yes just kill him
Indemnity at all costs
Okay, I can take down three moves with one crippled soldier
Kill someone
It's too easy
You losers can't kill even one of you
Watch me cut him with an axe
Who dares to touch him?
Hire me first